somewhere in the neighborhood of 12
million people in Greater London and
since Mike Tyson's hit town it seems
half the population is tracked his every
move we sat down privately with the
former heavyweight champion before he
broke camp here for a conversation that
ranged from his fighting to his family
to his future I know you're here to
fight but based on the perception you've
gotten from from Britain its bordering
on hysteria people seem to love you I
don't know but um that I should always
been you know American people enjoy
Viacom they cast as a dark shadow with
me and it makes it I'm as if I'm truly a
a monster to be I feel sometimes that
they should take me in as outside in
public sway and shoot me in the head of
the Riddler my bad I believe is Geoffrey
uh listen though if me Jeffrey Dahmer
and whoever was um on the lineup and
issue out of we know the crimes these
guys committal who do you hate the most
who do you think we should kill
everybody will point to me really
believe the hell yeah hell yeah see your
life fighting hear them and you might
fight here again yeah I like to fight
here I like to play I'm here and the big
arena and then Vince they go to on I
want to go to Australian fight along the
way though now there's Julius Francis
what do you know about him and didn't
know I don't care let me pay for a job
and he's in my way if you take us
through the scenario of them you know
they've built this Bob out between two
street guys if it gets down and dirty
what happens this thing alright um and
I'm not gonna get down and dirty I hope
he gets disqualified okay I don't know
me if I'm pleased enough that's a
stereotype well I'm sure you the
respectful man he's a Brit most of them
are and I'm pretty much of a
level-headed cat if you don't push me
too hard I'm sure to be alright what's
coming together and what's where we're
hoping me believing in myself and just
um no one to me for a reason you know I
mean before I my support because I've
fun and things are going on in my life
and I will go out for 3-4 weeks and then
come to a fight without training okay
with all the joke babe you can get away
with you ever now you know I have
circumstances the more arm graphics if
we have children to raise and I wanted
to have a good life I want them have a
life like me I want to be respected
society and I tried so deeply of they'll
be careful in my conduct cuz I don't
want to be a shadow over their life you
know me but I gotta show them they got
to stand up and I gotta fight for
themselves you're in the ring now you're
33 and in terms of the skills we were
talking about Reid I know you want to
recapture that glory and you want the
title again it's introducing I feel
great I feel like I'm nineteen eighteen
years old coming and I'm and I'm getting
back to UM the design and the fight to
really do this again I mean these guys
are beat me down so much I used to I use
hated myself and everything around me
and now my life is coming about I'm
doing veins and I'm making tons of money
all that stuff is coming back and Justin
that I blue close to them a half a
billion dollars like it sounds like you
know you've come to grips with yourself
and says look I'm a guy who squandered a
lot of money and maybe squandered a
great gift and this time not to do that
I don't let people tell me that I wanted
to know great cliff I'm still fighting
well I'm still hit listen what I've been
through I should be a nut
I should be a nut I should be in the
corner you're picking up cans or
something like that I mean I look at
myself in Survivor just 18 years old the
young millionaire running on us they
heard about anything
everything's responsibilities
responsibilities responsibilities in
terms of the road now I mean what do you
need now to get to the championship if
only I knew what I'm
new things trying to same training with
my coaches and train